---
layout: post
section-type: post
title: Welcome
category: misc
tags: [ 'welcome', 'administrative' ]
---

I guess no personal blog is complete without a post welcoming he who is bored or curious enough to stumble upon it. Not wanting to seem rude or unwelcoming, here it is. 

The main reason this website exists is to be able to have a place to be able to refer people to when they ask to learn about my background. I decided to use [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to make it without knowing how convenient it is to use it to blog. After finding the beautiful theme you are seeing right now, which you can find [here](https://le4ker.github.io/personal-jekyll-theme/), I thought it would be fun to play blogger.

To be honest, I see this as a place for everyone and for nobody. For everyone in the sense that it is public in the wider internet as well as me trying to force my hobbies on as many people as I can so I have someone to talk to about them, and for nobody in the sense that there is no cohesive direction it is going. The reason this is a public blog rather than a private diary is that there is a chance that someone will stumble onto something here and start a conversation with me about it. I'll keep the content on here focused on whatever is genuinely interesting at the time but I don't expect to be able to maintain a single theme or topic to write about around other than it being something I think is worth writing down. I hope whoever reads through my content gets something out of it, and again, welcome to my blog :)